Add necessary tip to avoid misunderstanding (#4027)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

        tiup clean --all
        ```

> **Note:**
>

> > TiUP Playground listens on `127.0.0.1` by default, and you can only access the services locally; if you need to access the services externally, you can specify `0.0.0.0` to listen on via the `--host` parameter or bind the network card to the externally accessible IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiUP Playground listens on `127.0.0.1` by default, and the service is only locally accessible; if you want the service to be externally accessible, you can specify `0.0.0.0` to be the listening address using the `--host` parameter or bind an externally accessible IP address to the network interface card (NIC).
```
